[Music]
no great Jimmy how are you why do you
have those those are the things I only
have I just I just like to ask you a
couple of questions about oh as your
fabulous trip to San Tropez okay that's
me on a vacation with magic and cookie
yeah uh-huh
what's this one right here that is me
still on vacation with magic and LL Cool
J and a bunch of other guys yeah yeah
and what's that one right there that's
me on vacation with magic are you there
I am right that's it I bring these out
uh-huh and I ask you this question
because I was actually on vacation with
magic and cooking oh yeah we had a great
time yeah I did how do i how did we miss
each other you know what the true story
is no I don't come here's the true story
I have asked magic and Sam Jackson no no
less than magic I've asked seven times
six and I've asked three times every
time they say yeah we'll invite you you
can come out on the trip on the summer
and then it never happens that's so yeah
I just stopped to ask I I took matters
in my own hands and photoshopped myself
into their folder I see and almost
everyone believed I was there I actually
believed it the first day you did yeah I
really wanna go you did go though I did
that's how didn't know how did you get
invited to that magic sent a solid gold
brick to the Brinks truck pulled up and
just delivered a solid gold brick to
offset the cost that it was gonna I see
and I was going to incur for it for
being in Santurce he did incur a cost a
slight cost that's like all I see but it
was it was well worth it man didn't fly
out there was magic I did not I flew out
there with my wife but and flying out
there I said and did things in
particular said things that I never
thought I'd say like like I got a text
from Magic's assistant Natalie saying
mr. Johnson would like you to be in the
front of Hermes at 5:45 because the
dingey will take you out to the yacht
and I was like oh well you know my
flight lands in Nice at 6:45 which is to
a two-hour drive but herein lies the
thing that I'd never thought I'd say
asked magic if my helicopter could land
on his yacht things a kid from combat I
never thought I'd say it in my life
and was serious and Menten I don't get
oh did he say no yes he did oh yeah he
did he did but but I was I was there a
theory that a helicopter can land on it
that the yacht is 280 feet long so in
other words there'll be plenty of room
for me oh yeah
so they just don't want me to make that
probably well you know I tell me that
maybe maybe there was it there was so
many people that look like me there
let's go through this I feel like I've
ID'd as diverse I'm just gonna ask you
again what diversity and inclusion where
would you be in that picture right there
Jimmy where would you be I'd probably be
just right here eating this you know you
know it was crazy that we zanna's pink
we really Dave wouldn't fill hall of
famer and his wife Tanya yeah
Pamela Tania Jackson Irvin and Cookie
Johnson Angela Bassett and her husband
what was his name
a court needs be fans being my wife
spike in Latonya Leigh and Paul little
Washington denzel's wife yeah yeah if
you guys had fun without we did and then
it was in the newspaper locally in San
Tropez oh we woke up the next day and
this was on the front page of the San
Tropez paper keep the camera there as
you guys noticed Anthony Anderson is the
only mention says yeah right there was
this your first time going on this trip
first time I've been invited several
times before the first time I was able
to ever to make it work with my sketch I
say and and was it as great as it seems
like it would be words cannot begin to
describe the fun and excitement that
would that that was there that entire
was you know like entertainment on the
yard Wow no no entertainment on yeah
that's just where they lived it was like
a floating apartment in the
Mediterranean Sea I see yeah they had a
full equinox on the bottom level of the
boat that's how big the boat is a gym or
the full gym okay well yeah and you know
it's crazy you know you have ding jeez
that take you out to the boat uh-huh
Irvine had a ferry that took you out to
his boat that's how big his boat was a
ferry picked you up and took you to his
boat oh wow but the entertainment was
plenty of room on the ferry if I were to
be waiting room on the ferry plenty room
on the boat uh-uh
there's I'll tell you how big this yacht
was this shot was so big that it housed
three smaller yachts in the bow of it
I'll I'm not lying there were three
boats there were three there were three
boats bigger than your soundstage in the
bow of this boat there was anyone on
them no though just for decoration
because of ferry brought me up to the
yeah you talk about you talk about
entertainment
so the entertainment for for cookies
birthday party for her surprise was
Jeffrey Osborne Carolyn Chaka Khan Eddie
Levert Charlie Wilson these are all my
favorites yeah all of ours too and then
so we thought the show was over so we're
sitting out there in the ocean that the
sea is right there it's beautiful it's
outside it's it's at the Citadel which
is an old fort and Castle he had people
dancing on the side of the wall and
trapeze and then he called everybody to
the fluence every way I want everybody
to come out here and celebrate you know
our birthday with the surf I'd come up
back out to the dance floor and so we're
all in the dance form we think we're
about to sing happy birthday to him and
then all of a sudden Irvin says ladies
and gentlemen 116 members of Earth Wind
and Fire start performing on the stage
man that's how I'm gonna get in yeah
first I'm gonna try out to be an Earth
Wind & Fire's rubbing it in but we have
more with Anthony's show blackish comes
back a week from tomorrow right here on
ABC we'll be right back I don't even
recognize this guy he's not the
settling-down type maybe he loves then
leaves the Pops I know would never allow
himself to be caught giggling hey what
you staring at you never seen two people
dancing together the music's not playing
you know this is crazy I'm trying to
find out what your game is well I'll
tell you it's simple I'm in love sweet
love dummy that is Anthony Anderson on
season six of blackish this comes back a
week
tomorrow for which you are nominated for
an Emmy on Sunday congratulate thank you
be the nominated all five years that
we've been on the air all five years yes
sir that means I've lost every year too
but it's time now it's time can can can
we congratulate Jimmy Kimmel and and
Norman Lear for winning an Oscar this
past weekend
that fun you're not free fella first of
all thank you again for being part of
that show playing Henry Jefferson on all
in the family yeah with the reboot and
you were there we hung out we actually
sat right next to each other yeah which
was fun it's a long show but we had a
lot of we did we had a lot of comments
and you're we up with some that we can
say in some weekend right I'm curious
though about what what was the hundred
dollar bet that you were a hundred dog
why did you give your wife Molly a
hundred dollars and I also we're sitting
there and I have a question okay we're
sitting there and all of a sudden Jimmy
just pulls out a while the hundreds and
he just peels one off and hands to his
wife so I stick my hand out he pills one
off and give to me and Molly says don't
you dare give it back to him so I pulled
up my wad of hundreds and wrapped it
around mine and put it in my pocket and
so I never knew what that transaction
was about so the kid is it something you
can talk about on air yes absolutely
okay it's not that interesting but first
of all I want you know that yesterday I
was like putting my money and it wasn't
a wad of hundreds that are happy to be
two on the outside so and I'm looking at
and I go oh Anthony kept my hundred
dollars and but it was my wife wanted to
go get some pretzels to bring him back
and then when she came back they'd
closed the line they cut it off I
remember that that's what the you know
pretzels are expensive that bit
especially at Microsoft had that
Microsoft yeah yeah so ok that's what
the hundred was for it wasn't like what
did you think I had no idea yeah I just
solved my brother Jimmy giving up money
and I want it Mike I have to pay my wife
I our deal is I told her that if you
agree to marry me I'll pay you $100
so blackish you now have to spin-off
shows which really is the mark of a
successful show yeah for instance Norman
Lear there were so many spin-offs from
all the family The Jeffersons Maude it
now you have two spin-off shows grown
--is-- and mixed ish yes
are you part of those programs yes I am
you are yes i appearing on them yes i
well mixed is probably not because that
is about a rainbow's childhood character
growing up a mixed child living on
economies so you would have to literally
travel in time yes that yes but that's
possible and that's possible you might
see a young drain right like we have
flashbacks on blackish but I am I've
been on on bronies throughout all three
or four seasons that they've been around
now well it's it's really it is
remarkable how strong it the show still
is yeah how it keeps going and and of
course you're a big Emmy nomination on
Sunday I OBC you know what I'm gonna
give you another hundred dollars I
appreciate that
well we're speaking about the image I
understand you know the Emmys that you
know we all won collectively or for the
producers but do the actors get those -
apparently not
yeah the actors do not get those yeah
without the actors you wouldn't have
been able to produce and I know it
existed it was just furniture really
[Laughter]
because it doesn't look good again this
year it's a competition of course you're
great actors in the cast it's Don
Cheadle it's Bill Hader it's Ted Danson
it's Michael Douglas yeah there yeah and
then a kid from Compton yeah but don't
you love that your name is on that list
I do i sighs I do yeah well
congratulations Anthony Anderson
everybody
a week from tomorrow night
[Applause]
hi i'm jimmy kimmel if you want to see
all our latest videos click the
subscribe button and if you don't click
anyway and close your eyes when they
come on